Simplify GS with no scenarios (#844)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/getting_started/index.md

Dive into Taipy with this beginner-friendly guide. Learn to install, configure, and create your
first application with ease.

> ![GUI Result](images/result.png){width=80% : .tp-image-border }

Reviewer: GUI Result?? What does *that* mean?

# Installation with pip

> 1. **Prerequisites**: Ensure you have Python (**version superior than 3.8**) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Prerequisites**: Ensure you have Python (**version 3.8 or later**) and
```

>     [pip](https://pip.pypa.io)installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [pip](https://pip.pypa.io) installed.
```

For alternative installation methods or if you're lacking Python or pip, refer to the
[installation page](../installation/index.md).

# Build a graphical interface

> In this section, you'll create a GUI application that includes a slider to adjust a 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this section, you'll create an application that includes a slider to adjust a 
```

        Taipy pages can be defined in multiple ways: Markdown, Html or Python. *page* is the Markdown representation of the page.

        ```python linenums="1"
        from taipy.gui import Gui
        from math import cos, exp

        value = 10

        page = """
        # Taipy *Getting Started*

        Value: <|{value}|text|>

        <|{value}|slider|on_change=on_slider|>

        <|{data}|chart|>
        """

        def on_slider(state):
            state.data = compute_data(state.value)

        def compute_data(decay:int)->list:
            return [cos(i/6) * exp(-i*decay/600) for i in range(100)]

        data = compute_data(value)

>         Gui(page).run(title="Frontend Demo")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Gui(page).run(title="Dynamic chart")
```

        ```python linenums="1"
        import taipy as tp
        from taipy.gui import Gui 
        import taipy.gui.builder as tgb
        from math import cos, exp

        # Previous configuration of scenario
        ...

        with tgb.Page() as page:
            tgb.text("Name:")
            tgb.input("{input_name}")
            tgb.button("Submit", on_action=submit_scenario)
            tgb.text("Message {message}")

        value = 10

        input_name = "Taipy"
        message = None
        def compute_data(decay:int)->list:
            return [cos(i/6) * exp(-i*decay/600) for i in range(100)]

        def on_slider(state):
            state.data = compute_data(state.value)

        def submit_scenario(state):
            state.scenario.input_name.write(state.input_name)
            state.scenario.submit(wait=True)
            state.message = scenario.message.read()
        with tgb.Page() as page:
            tgb.text(value="Taipy Getting Started", class_name="h1")
            tgb.text(value="Value: {value}")
            tgb.slider(value="{value}", on_change=on_slider)
            tgb.chart(data="{data}") 

        data = compute_data(value)

>         if __name__ == "__main__":

Reviewer 2: Please keep this line. Even if it is not mandatory in this code, it's still a good practice. 
We never know what will the user code do.

>         Gui(page=page).run(title="Frontend Demo")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Gui(page=page).run(title="Dynamic chart")
```

>             tgb.text(value="Taipy Getting Started", class_name="h1")

Reviewer: or `tgb.html("h1", "Taipy Getting Started")` which I think is better

Author: This is hard for me to decide... I understand your point, and at the same time, we are marketing Taipy to people who don't know HTML and Javascript.

But I also use *h1* in my example... I think I will keep it like that

Reviewer: That would be wrong, since you rely on the h1 style. Not Taipy.
Do as you wish.
To me this makes a lot more sense, just like in Gradio or Streamlit: Taipy has support for HTML tags.

In our initial example:

> - *value* is bound to a slider and text field, allowing the user’s input to be directly 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *value* is bound to a slider and a text, allowing the user’s input to be directly 
```

stored in the *value* variable.

> - *data* is created through the *compute_data()* function and reactive to the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *data* is created in the *compute_data()* function and is updated depending on the
```

> slider's value. It is viewed in the application as a chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slider's value. It is represented in the application as a chart.
```

## Interactivity Through Actions

Actions, like `on_change=on_slider`, allow visual elements like slider or input 
to trigger specific functions.

```python
def on_slider(state):
    state.data = compute_data(state.value)
```

Every callback, including *on_slider()*, receives a `State^` object as its first parameter.
This state represents a user's connection and is used to read and set variables while
the user is interacting with the application. It makes it possible for Taipy to handle multiple
users simultaneously.

> *state.value* are specific to the user who interacts with them. This design ensures that each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*state.value* is specific to the user who interacts with the application. This design ensures that each
```

user's actions are separate and efficiently controlled, while other variables could be 
global variables.

![State illustration](images/state_illustration.png){width=70% : .tp-image-border }

In the *on_slider()* function, the *value* selected by the user on the interface is

> propagated to the *data* variable. The outcome is then viewed inside the chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
propagated to the *data* variable. The outcome is then used to update the chart.
```

```python
if __name__ == "__main__":
    Gui(page=page).run(title="Frontend Demo")
```

> This code starts the GUI, which makes the interface active and functional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code starts the UI server, which makes the interface active and functional.
```

> ![GUI Result](images/result.png){width=80% : .tp-image-border }

Reviewer: "GUI Result"??
